Hello! Welcome to the DAQ software.

WARNING: This software is incomplete and currently under development!

TIPS:

In the terminal, the client will output when a request is sent and when it receives a reply.
Both of these for a waveform may look weird as it outputs a given list of data. To clear this up 
the list is given as: [Waveform Type, Frequency, Amplitude, Shift, Offset, Sample Rate].

Make sure the box being used supports analog and digital output.


USING CUSTOM ANALOG OUTPUT:
This program supports custom analog output. To do so, select "Custom" in the waveform shape dropdown
box. Following selection a new textbox will appear, prompting you to input a file name. This file
MUST be a .xlsx (New Microsoft Excel workbook) file. This file must also be in the same folder as
the server code. I.e. if the server code is found in Downloads/gui/ the workbook must also be in 
Downloads/gui/. 

In the workbook, use only the first column on the first sheet and input the data in the order you
wish it to be output. If using multiple channels, place the data in an alternating manner. That is,
if you are using channel one and channel two, the data should be placed such that cell A1 has data
for channel one, A2 has date for channel two, A3 has data for channel one, A4 has data for channel 
two, etc etc.. NOTE: This format is set to change eventually when support for multiple channels is
done finished such that the data for channel one would be in column A and the date for channel two
would be in column B.





TO BE DONE:
-Refinement of custom output
	*Why does sample rate need to be half of total cells to properly generate wave?
-Support for turning channels on/off
	*This is kind of working. Error thrown only when attempting to us multiple inputs
	*Need to add proper wave functionality for multiple outputs. Currently it splits the buffer
	between channels instead of giving channels the proper amount of necessary points
-Digital output
-Dual Wave output?
	
	*This should be easily implementable (maybe)
-Input display vs Output Display?